
Unknown speaker 00:00 
Hi everyone, Katie from Universal Ostrich, happy Monday and it is a happy Monday, we got an appeal in so that is fantastic. What does that mean? So I want to clear things up because I think a lot of people are like, oh great the birds are saved and this is fantastic news. 

Unknown speaker 00:20 
That's what we're fighting for. I've got some notes from the lawyer just because I want to be very accurate and our lawyers are saying like this pause is a result of the council's agreement during an expedited scheduling process. 

Unknown speaker 00:35 
No order halting enforcement or no court order halting enforcement has been issued. So there is no court ordered halting the order, the call order. This has not been enforced yet. What they have agreed upon is that if we get our stay motion which is next approved on an expedited tie in a timely manner and an expedited process then we will have that. 

Unknown speaker 01:06 
Then they will halt the order, the call order, oh my gosh, the call order. So right now we have an appeal in and that is fantastic but we are not safe. So continued love and support and momentum forward is going to be crucial at this time where we are fighting for the rights of Canadians. 

Unknown speaker 01:30 
So this is all about the rights of Canadians protecting our farmers and we need to pay special attention and which we're trying to do here on that stamping out order stamping out policy. It's an outdated policy that needs revamping and it needs to be readjusted to protect our farmers and to protect our Canadians and everybody around the world because it's clearly not been working for decades now and it's just putting us in a very vulnerable position. 

Unknown speaker 02:00 
as we as we go forward so the yeah the Attorney General I wanted to mention with the drone information I know there's been a lot of speculation of the the farm being not safe we have the RCMP working on this this is great they've been fantastic as I continue to say there's nothing we feel very safe here with with what is happening it's directed sadly enough with the ostriches so we are just trying to deal with that investigation but we don't do know that I mean it could be just simply people flying their drones from the highway somebody as this gets bigger there's definitely more attention on the farm it's been creating some hassle and some some benefit that's for sure and one of the benefits is that we have met some really incredible people that continue to pour in their love support and connect with one another to try to create the most valuable change that's possible. 

Unknown speaker 03:06 
Representatives from the CFIA appearing before a parliamentary committee concerning avian flu and the devastating impact on the duck industry and the delay in their report assured RMPs that they were always open to new science. 

Unknown speaker 03:25 
We have yet to witness this declared statement and we're really inviting them to let us help them, let us help you. I think that's very important that we all start to see these policies and organizations which are government money and government, sorry which our tax dollars pay for. 

Unknown speaker 03:47 
We just want to see that there is more accountability in their actions. We want to revamp the structure. We want to revisit policies that are clearly not working. We want to advance science to help our farmers. 

Unknown speaker 04:03 
We want to have a voice as the Canadian citizens and people around the world in the organizations that are there and are supposed to be helping us along the way. Sorry my voice is going. We stand together in unity. 

Unknown speaker 04:19 
We stand together with peace and love, support. What universal ostrich stands for these last months has been bringing together people in a healing way. We are get so many people here that leave here and go this just doesn't seem like a protest and I'm like well it isn't a protest. 

Unknown speaker 04:40 
It's a support group. We are a group of individuals that are collaborating and all coming together to try to better humanity and to have our voices heard and I think that is so important. With the power of our voices and the power of the all of us wanting positive change, we can make that happen. 

Unknown speaker 05:02 
But we need to stay focused on the mission. The mission is it's all about saving the farmers, saving our food. It's about protecting these policies, but protecting them, redoing them, but protecting that then. 

Unknown speaker 05:19 
You know, let's revamp these policies. Let's bring science forward. Let's not shut the science out. There should be no war. There shouldn't be the threat of that it's a crime to test or treat your own animals. 

Unknown speaker 05:32 
It should be a human right. It should be a natural right of all of our citizens and all of us across the world. So, I have, yeah, it's been a long journey. I want to continue to thank you for all of your love and support that continues to be so much negativity online and it breaks my heart. 

Unknown speaker 05:59 
it breaks my heart. I you know we're all in this this world together we're one big family all fighting for the same thing we want a better world. I know that one person's would take on something is not going to be the same as another person's take on it but we shouldn't derail each other. 

Unknown speaker 06:19 
I just think we should really come together by the power of just even all of us uniting in this journey. Imagine what we can do when we show each other and prove that we can make the change when we come together. 

Unknown speaker 06:34 
The people's voice matters and unity matters. Then we move on to the next change and we make change together and we should learn from one another. I'm open to taking on new ideas and educating myself on different theories. 

Unknown speaker 06:49 
I don't know what that looks like for me down the road but doesn't make me really want to learn about that if I'm constantly being attacked or the science here is being attacked. Our goal and mission for the last four years has been dedicated to just bettering humanity by bringing a new innovative research to the forefront that was going to offer natural opportunity rather than that of synthetic opportunity of vaccinations and mRNA and we wanted to do something natural. 

Unknown speaker 07:28 
That was always the goal here and that is our goal. We've been so grateful to have Secretary Kennedy, John Katamadides, who continues to support our farm and the rights of the people around the world with this overreach and what we're dealing with here. 

Unknown speaker 07:47 
We have Dr. Oz that spoke on us, just grateful for these names, people that are collaborating and coming together. I still have hope that with Kennedy's letter that that would open a door for us to work with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency and working with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency would offer so much opportunity. 

Unknown speaker 08:11 
It would offer opportunity for our agricultural industry and our human health. Anyways, this Friday as well we have a convoy that is coming out here. I am kind of learning a little bit more about it. 

Unknown speaker 08:24 
It's just a convoy of support. We are really focusing on healing here at Universal Ostrich Farm so we have community and we have different celebrations for different people, things that they've been going through, caring for one another, and we have ceremony. 

Unknown speaker 08:43 
We've been so blessed to have Indigenous here sharing their culture with us, doing ceremony with our beautiful ostriches that need all the ceremony at the river every morning at eight. And it is just the most beautiful time to sit and heal your heart in this crazy world that we got going on around us. 

Unknown speaker 09:07 
I just wanna give a shout out to all of our family, extended family, all of you who've become our new ostrich family. I really do believe in this process. I believe that it's been a really long journey and it's been a long time. 

Unknown speaker 09:23 
But I believe that with this biggest challenge, we're gonna create the greatest opportunity. And we're gonna see it through. So with all your love, with all of your support, continue to follow, continue to follow here. 

Unknown speaker 09:37 
You can always, I said, will always bring you the most truthful and accurate information on my page here right now. It's kind of what I have control of and I'm just trying to keep up. Messages are hard, they're really hard for me to keep up with, but I am trying. 

Unknown speaker 09:52 
So please have patience with me. I want to answer everybody's question, questions, or I just wanna say thank you when you message me and I don't get a chance to say thank you. Remember, know that from my heart, thank you. 

Unknown speaker 10:07 
Thank you for taking the time to love, love our farm, love one another. Let's bring each other together, please, okay? Let's continue to be stronger together and see that with this opportunity, we can change so many other things in such a big way. 

Unknown speaker 10:24 
So I continue to love and support all of you. Thank you for all of your time and I'll give you updates as they come. But it was a great day, we do have that appeal in. So please, everybody, keep praying. 

Unknown speaker 10:36 
You can follow us and support us, pray, and come and visit us. This weekend's gonna be a very wonderful weekend full of prayer, love, and really great influencers and kind people coming to the farm. So let's continue on this journey together and let's create a win. 

Unknown speaker 10:53 
Love you all, bye bye. 
